== 2013-10-20 v1.0.6

* Release Multiview (see http://www.redminebacklogs.net/topics/release_multiview.html)
* Update supported version to RM 2.3.3
* A handful of bug fixes (thanks to contributers!)
* Filter closed stories on taskboard
* Enable wiki-formatting for release descriptions

More details:
* Merge pull request "No longer removes search field" from ande3577/bug/removes_search_bar
* Update travis to RM 2.3.3
* Remove unused function
* Refactor estimated series + show estimate end date along with releases when showing multiview.
* Merge pull request "Fix not showing link to task board if sprint starts on current day" from ande3577/bug/sprint_not_active_if_beginning_date
* Correct sorting of releases in multiselect fields.
* Fix missing menu update when creating stories in sprints ("Menu is not refreshed after adding first User Story")
* Fix typo causing release end dates not to be saved when editing on master backlog.
* Might help on "bug when trying to add migrate column "remaining_hours" twice"
* Sort releases by end date
* Enable basic test of burnchart view
* Added trendlines to multiview burnchart.
* Display release multiview graph
* Merge pull request "FR translation update" from LaurentCoignot/master
* Merge pull request "Update de.yml" from holgerfriedrich/master
* Stacked release data calculation
* Initial CRUD support for creating "Release Multiview" inspired by http://blog.gdinwiddie.com/2012/12/04/multi-release-burnup/.
* Allow wiki formatting for release description (fixes "Allow wiki formatting for release description")
* Merge pull request "Allow state of issues to be changed" from MadEgg/master
* Allow state of issues to be changed, even if they are in a different subproject than the story. Related to issue "Move tasks while on the storyboard"
* Merge pull request "Finished translation of remaining topics" from sandrix/master
* Merged patch suggested by @geoff-mci. Closes "Tooltip and drop down give error with sqlite installation".
* Translation of field task color as suggested by @cforce. Fixes "Make task colorn setting string in settings localized".
* Merge pull request "Now you can filter closed stories in taskboard view" from dmoreno/master
* Now you can filter closed stories in taskboard view
* Merge pull request "Update pt-BR.yml" from prialmeidaa/patch-1
* Merge pull request "Create pl-PL.yml" from ksciana/master

== 2013-07-31 v1.0.5

* Performance improvement on loading master backlog and taskboard
* Translations
* Unittests for default story tracker (thanks to stefan-langenmaier)

More details:
* Issue #27131: Change le termes dans le backlogs plugin.
* Sort all locales using rails_locale_sorter
* Moving check for sharing type first in sql query seems to help databases avoid costly subselects if unnecessary. It was quite bad on performance when adding new sprints. (see "Slow project.js / app/views/show.js.erb" and "Performance of back log and board")
* Optimized SQL for droppable sprints/releases on master backlog. (Big performance improvement related to "Slow project.js / app/views/show.js.erb" and "Performance of back log and board")
* Utilize SQL for fetching release/sprint shared to projects. Huge improvement for "optimize loading time: preload menus" and improvement on total loading time for "Slow project.js / app/views/show.js.erb" and "Performance of back log and board".
* Change master backlog/taskboard tests related to default story tracker and other select fields into tests using full javascript stack.
* Allow other tests to create stories without specifying tracker.
* Remove issues assigned to release from product backlog query on issues tab. ("Product Backlog on Issues page query is wrong")
* enhanced the taskboard tests for assigned users
* Issue 27131: fix french translation
* added some tests on the taskboard

== 2013-07-25 v1.0.4

* RM 2.3.2 supported
* Ability to choose default story tracker (thanks to stefan-langenmaier)
* Add releases to time report criteria.
* Fix for only showing visible project in scrum statistics.
* Setting for always showing priority field on taskboard (thanks to dpogue)
* Show shared releases in Release-tab.
* Integration with redmine header as default.
* Translations

More details:
* Collect release_id information from parent issues to get the correct sum of hours for the time report view in redmine.
* fix typos in spanish translation
* Change travis to use RM 2.3.2
* Fix select fields regression on master backlog/taskboard after merging "Issue #27130 : default story tracker".
* Issue #27130 : default story tracker
* Issue #27131 : Change les termes dans le backlogs plugin
* Issue #27131 : Change les termes dans le backlogs plugin
* Issue 27145: Force scrollbar
* Bugfix for only showing visible projects in scrum statistics. Possibly related to "Scrum Statistics: mysql2 SQL syntax error".
* Minor performance improvements for rb_server_variables. See "Slow project.js / app/views/show.js.erb".
* Fix deprecation warnings.
* Update Japanese locale
* Refactoring ja.yml's order same as en.yml.
* Add releases to time report criteria. See "time_entries/report allow Releases to be a criteria in the filter.".
* Give the setting a default of nil.
* Stub the priority string in other locales.
* Add a setting to always show task priority.
* Enable integration with redmine header as default. Fixes "Enable integration with redmine header as default".
* Show shared releases in Release-tab.

== 2013-06-20 v1.0.3

* Fix JSON issue where remaining hours is reset when attribute is not in params array.
* Bulk edit release attributes across projects.
* Change release sidebar links to lead to an issue query. See "Releases sidebar links should lead to a query on issues page".
* Allow administrators DnD for all roles on taskboard. See "Can't move any feature as administrator".

== 2013-05-29 v1.0.2

* RM 2.3.1 supported
* Fixes for release column in RM issue queries
* Release burnchart performance improvement (cached are now much faster, generating when cache is invalid is still rather slow)
* Merged pull request for JSON export (#918)
* Translation update
* Lock version 0.4.7 of faye-websocket to stay compatible with poltergeist (for development)

== 2013-05-04 v1.0.1

* Only update release_id column when migrating releases. Should sort out "undefined method `release_relationship' for #<Issue:0xaf465a0> when upgrading to v1.0.0"

== 2013-04-30 v1.0.0

* Redmine 2.3.0 compatibiliy
** Issue queries refactored
* Release graph (experimental support)
** Release relationship adjustment (auto,added,continued)
** Trendlines for scope changes and closed points within release
* REST API (add release/story point to XML/JSON output)
* Translations
* Backlogs settings usability
** Only show project setting 'show stories from subprojects in backlog' when sharing is enabled.
** Move show project name setting into backlog page fieldset
* UI fixes
* Ensure project_id is always passed when creating stories in the master backlog.

== 2013-03-22 v0.9.38

* rails 3.2.13
* redmine 2.2.4 security release
* redmine 2.3.0 compatibiliy

== 2013-03-15 v0.9.37

* Speed improvements on the backlog page
* Speed improvements on issues details page
* Auto-updater fixed for 'jumping stories' and sharing
* All translations updated

* More details:
* use cached burndown data for statistics calculation. helps "very slow loading of stories."
* fix rb_application_controller not_configure render path error bpct/fix_not_configure
* fix tooltip url for sub-uri setups
* Update README.md
* fix typo in locale
* Updated simplified chinese locale
* fixed "misleading error messages when adding/dropping story to locked sprint"
* Config option for scrum statistics menu entry, fixes "Scrum Stats" menu entry on wrong position"
* user feedback if no closed sprints to show
* Speed improvements on loading backlogs page:
** remove tooltip from sprint title, it is not useful.
** render model_errors only if there are errors
** Load closed sprints on request using ajax
** load tooltips via ajax, speeding up backlog loading. "Very slow loading of Backlogs page"
** do not render higher_item_id on backlog std load
** make rank use scoped list_with_gaps_scope_condition
** refactor: remove some master backlog calculation loops and do not request closed sprint data if not enabled
** tests
* Auto updater fixed:
** Merge pull request "Bug/842 boardupdater4 - fix auto-refresh by scoping list_with_gaps higher/lower_item" from backlogs/bug/842-boardupdater4
** list_with_gaps method rename: lower/higher_item are scoped, the unscoped ones are private
** shared last_update on master bl page
** scope taskboard updater to sprint
** updater checks for correct scope
** workaround effect of a ui race with auto-updater
** tests

== 2013-02-22 v0.9.36

* Major features/changes:
* Releases reworked - issues are assignable to planned releases, and releases can be used on the master backlogs page to plan and priorize
* Floating layout - master backlog page is now resizable
* Configurable timezone for burndown, explicitly explain what happens with dates/times on burndown, Fixes "Burndown chart skips Friday and Saturday when set to skip Saturday & Sunday"
* jquery and jquery-ui updated to 1.7.2/1.8.21 and loading optimized, updated jqplot and other assets
* Redmine 2.2.3 support

* More details:
* Fix a crash on the config page if the git binary wasn't on the PATH. from ctlajoie/fixcrash
* Fix error from bundler: The source :rubygems is deprecated because HTTP requests are insecure.
* Fix images in tooltips. from ctlajoie/ctl-fix-tooltip-images
* Some layout fine-tunings and fixes: give "close sprints" more room, give issue status more room, correct font-family for tooltips, use 12px for jquery widget font
* Fixes and tests for story following task states, some usability on settings page
* Re-use redmine project jump box to increase compatibility and usability
* Javascript code cleanups
* Show task board menu item
* Fix "Database Migration Failure: String can't be coerced into Fixnum"
* css: remove unused compact view styles for taskboard
* js: cleanup monkey-inheritance, refactor editor dialog classes, remove jeditable, we do not use it
* Sidebar: show burndown explanation only in full mode
* Inline release title editing on master backlog page
* Fix "Duplicate file upload entries on issue page after installing backlogs plugin"
* Fix "Firexfox exposes rendering bug on Taskboard" for floating table header
* Fix "Remaining Hours Migration Fails During Upgrade"
* Adapt to new travis workers: explicit exit travis script on error
* Note the limited support for themes when showing redmine header
* development: fix recursive links created by redmine install
* Fix story color on taskboard
* Adapt base layout to better support themes. For more tuning use x_backlogs_styleadapter plugin on github (support: best effort)
* Remove duplicate locale entries
* rake 10 support, fixes installation troubles
* Cleanups on release pages
* List releases in sidebar
* Add release to bulk edit
* Improvements for anonymous users and some more permission consistency
* Fix frontend error dialog
* Fix issues on project settings, fixes compatibility to redmineCRM
* More details in story tooltips: assignee, project and custom fields are now available
* Wiki page links fixed
* Fix ajax parameter injection issue resulting in broken redmine buttons

== 2013-01-20 v0.9.35

* reworked fix for #669 (the infamous test-unit bundle conflict) from inger/master
* rake task to touch all stories in order to recalculate remaining story points after migration
* code climate
* fix mouse pointer for closed stories (draggable) and stories in closed sprints (not draggable)
* visually hint valid/invalid drops on shared backlog

== 2013-01-18 v0.9.34

* Redmine 2.2.1, 2.1.6, 1.4.6 (security releases)
* Fixed Hudson Conflict, avoid unneccessary loading of js libraries
* Add <<me>> to task assignee dropdown
* Backlogs page: fix duplication of story subject when editing
* Obey workflow on taskboard
* Re-enable taskboard drag-drop between stories
* Integrate with redmine menus (optional)
* Put backlogs main menu before issues so new issue is near issues tab
* Integration test scripts for home testing

== 2013-01-12 v0.9.33

* allow skipping rebuilding history -- do this at your own risk
* "My page crash", needs testing
* Merge pull request "Sharing/auto share sprints" from patrickatamaniuk/sharing/auto-share-sprints
* Merge pull request "story status loosely follows tasks" from patrickatamaniuk/feature/story-status-loosely-follows-tasks
* avoid using a projects_helper function in settings for redmine 2.2
* Share new sprints according to setting
* Merge pull request "Fix burndown settings for redmine in subdirectory" from patrickatamaniuk/bug/cookiepath
* remove debug code
* Merge pull request "fix datepicker visibility on editing sprint" from patrickatamaniuk/ui/datepicker
* Merge pull request "master backlog page relative positioning and css cleanups" from patrickatamaniuk/feature/relativepositioning3
* clip overlong issue fields in master backlog
* Ignore deleted sprints ("Upgrade fails on burndown")
* Merge pull request "fix null constraint on email, ignore group.language" from patrickatamaniuk/anonymizer
* css: fixes

== 2012-12-26 v0.9.32

* fix "can't convert Hash into Array" can't convert Hash into Array
* travis timeouts again. 

== 2012-12-24 v0.9.31

* migration error

== 2012-12-24 v0.9.30

* RM2.2 support, despite the utterly moronic choices they sometimes make
* integrate private mode button into taskboard user select
* fix for "Upgrade to master distorts burndown data"
* No mysql support for ruby 1.8.7, because redmine causes the wrong gem to be installed
* fix printable cards loading
* Redmine 2.1.5 support

== 2012-12-20 v0.9.29

* hide stories of projects not visible to the user on master_backlogs page
* fix information leak on shared backlogs: show only visible sprints; show only visible projects in the bl menu
* Feature: show only selected graphs in burndown print view; use global
  cookie for burndown settings so print url has the same settings as
  taskboard/masterbacklog burndown
* Nicer styling for save/cancel on issue-editor.
* workaround firefox15 bug 787944 - prevent editor to open on drag-end
* Migration fixes
* Burndown test added to test suit (Thank you Cecilia!)
* Adds a setting to hide the project name from backlogs

== 2012-11-30 v0.9.28

* fixed build

== 2012-11-28 v0.9.27

* fixes "Can't create new stories, issues", "Migration issue"
* Fixes "failed to initialize story positions based on existing priorities in Redmine"
* Fixes "close completed Sprints button on master backlogs."
* Russian translations.
* Hide projects from scrum statistics if they are not visible for current user + added project setting to show/hide a project from scrum statistics.
* Show remaining time on Story level
* Added spent hours vs accepted points to scrum stats
* 2.1.2 passes tests
* Use a higher drag distance threshold for tasks on the taskboard to prevent starting a drag when you intended to click.
* Added "Save" and "Cancel" links when creating or editing a story inline.
* german translations
* reorganize settings page, group related settings
* make sorting of sprints in mbp configurable
* Reverse the order of the sprints on the Master Backlog page.
* show nice qtip tooltips for project name and subject on master backlog

== 2012-07-08 v0.9.26

* 2.0 travis build works again
* Javascript overrided new story placement (fixes "New Stories appear at the top of the Product Backlog" again)

== 2012-07-04 v0.9.23

* Add "support" for 1.9.2

== 2012-07-04 v0.9.20

* Specify ruby versions
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:backlogs/redmine_backlogs
* Clearer message for non-supported versions
* Try to make the via route work in ruby 1.8
* Refactor releases routes
* Fixes "Burndown doesn't take updates of "Remaining time"" -- acts_as_journal acting_randomly.
* More DB wonkyness
* empty string means null
* More DB corruption handlers
* More DB corruption handling
* typo
* Old insert_at call
* More database brokenness workarounds
* Configuration oddities

== 2012-06-30 v0.9.19

* Postgresql fixes

== 2012-06-30 v0.9.16

* Fix redmine2 sidebar on apache with relative url root, from patrickatamaniuk/tests/sidebar
* Fix issues sidebar is not displayed when installed to suburi (Rails 3)
* give product owner modify_releases permission
* security enhancements
* more automated tests
* Fixes for releases
* Rails 3 compatibility fixes
* Select a default label if none was selected (fixes "Printable cards option not showing with Bitanmi Redmine 2.0.2")
* Postgresql compatibilities

== 2012-06-13 v0.9.15

* Looser support restrictions
* "Locales are broken for 1.9.3"
* Fixes for CustomizedField 

== 2012-06-12 v0.9.14

* Online version check
* Fixes "Install task: can't modify frozen Hash ".
* Translations updated
* Give stories the same Start/Due date as the sprint
* Allow story cards to take on custom colours if assigned to a user
* fixes "My Pages Exception"

== 2012-06-02 v0.9.13

* Ruby 1.9 supported
* Chiliproject fixes

== 2012-05-31 v0.9.12

* Down migrations added
* Fixes "New Stories appear at the top of the Product Backlog"

== 2012-05-31 v0.9.11

* Fixing issue "The users select is empty in the "Edit task" form (Redmine 2 only)"
* Skip authorize for rb_server_variables#index. Fixes "403 on rb_server_variables#index"
* Potential solution for "closing task generates 'Version has already been taken' error"
* RM 1.4.2

== 2012-05-28 v0.9.10

* Small fix to migrations

== 2012-05-28 v0.9.9

* RM2.0 compatibility updates
* General cleanup
* acts_as_list replaced by a more performant replacement
* Removed obsolete migration
* Tests: Add SimpleCov report generation
* Tests: Add initial feature test for settings
* Tests: Improve test failure diagnostics
* Tests: Print meaningful error message if cucumber test fails
* Cucumber: Rails 3 compatibility

== 2012-05-20 v0.9.8

* Make sure older migrations don't use the new journals stuff
* "Show warning on taskboard if tracker workflow is misconfigured" warn user if tasks workflow has no states
* Fixes "Slowness and unresponsiveness when moving issues"
* set all ticks so checkbox shows the correct state on load. helps with ""Show empty stories" should be selected by default (bug?)"
* Update Gemfile for running cucumber tests with Rails 3
* Better CP support, not complete yet
* Use https instead of git to install cucumber-rails.
* Fixes "Subtasks not updated when changing custom fields"
* Use poltergeist driver for javascript testing.

== 2012-05-13 v0.9.7

* Removes journal rebuild from the migration
* In-place fixes for test fixtures
* Merge pull request "Travis on master" from Vanuan/travis_on_master

== 2012-05-11 v0.9.6

* Fixes "sub stories disappearing from task board", "Subtasks not updated when changing custom fields", "Dragging a closed story within a sprint causes it to be set to New"
* Removed unnecessary '.becomes(Issue)'. Apparenty this messed up the status field of the issue. Fixes "Status reset on changing remaining hours when adding time entry" and possibly affects "Dragging a closed story within a sprint causes it to be set to New".
* Merge pull request "Fix PBL Story update feedback off-by-one-post" from patrickatamaniuk/issue/493-blpage-sprint-ui-update-off-by-one
* Fix PBL Story update feedback off-by-one-post
* Prepping for 1.9
* shell-based rbl-setup
* Rollback migration for unique_positions.

== 2012-05-09 v0.9.5

* Duplicates positions after issue copy fixed
* Merge pull request "DB Query optimisation " from rbaranga/master
* fixed database query taking a lot of time when using story points
* Merge pull request "Working gem set for ruby 1.9" from Vanuan/ruby_19_gems (Working gem set for ruby 1.9)
* Closes "Cleanups and small fixes" -- will consider more of it's option after discussion
* Refactor rb_journal code
* Allow pre-calculation of scrum stats
* Fixes "Error creating new tasks"

== 2012-05-03 v0.9.4

* Burndown charts work again
* Uninstalling plugin's database contents possible
* Hardened against DB corruption
* Merging unified-journals

== 2012-04-30 v0.9.3

* Updates for RM 1.4
* Faster "Backlog sorting"
* fix positioning on story creation from backlog page
* Fixes "ChiliProject migration issue"

== 2012-04-26 v0.9.2

* Soft-fail on RM 1.3 (still unsupported though)
* Redmine 1.4.1 & Ruby 1.9.3 support
* Card loading order fixed

== 2012-04-25 v0.9.1

* Prelim support for CP3.1.0

== 2012-04-25 v0.9.0

* RM 1.4.1 support
* Corrected previous taskboard color fix for groups.
* Fixed image location for css.
* Merge pull request "Change to "Show empty stories" behavior on taskboard" from backlogs/bohansen_taskboard_empty_stories
* Moved jquery css to its own subdir
* Added category field to tooltips (see "Option to Show Category on Master Backlogs and Taskboard")
* Changed taskboard user selection option 'Show empty stories' to show *really* empty stories only and not stories where all tasks are hidden.
* Add redmine group support to user selection on taskboard.
* Provides a workaround for "Sprint Taskboard - Internal Error", caused by a functional bug in Redmine.
* Fixes "Cannot export story points via REST API"
* Fixes "Redmine backlogs install doesn't create a new tracker"
* Fixes "Create new issue displays trackers not in use for the project"
* Fixes "Custom fields delete with sprint", with great thanks to Malti for the excellent analysis
* Merge pull request "Fix group assign on taskboard (#479)" from backlogs/bohansen_group_assign_on_taskboard
* Taskboard color fix for group assigned tasks
* Added ability to group assign on taskboard if enabled in Redmine itself
* Merge pull request "Redmine 1.4.0 compatibility" from Vanuan/master
* Card layout loading fix
* Merge pull request "Show burndown charts with User timezone dates" from dpogue/patch-1
* Merge pull request "Added in ability to hide unused stories" from svolpe/master
* Merge pull request "Improve localization." from mikoto20000/locale-ja
* Merge pull request "TaskBoard with by user view using jquery multiselect" from svolpe/master
* Renaming some tests to prepare for sharing branch tests
* taskboard: finally fixed the css issue and user multiselect pull down
* taskboard: fix style sheet to allow selecting of projects.  The user multiselection location is still too low.
* taskboard: Add changes to support multiselect of users
* taskboard: Added multiselect jquery widget to allow selecting of viewed tasks by user name.
* Merge pull request "fixed Japanese translation mistake." from alminium/locale-ja
* Merge pull request "Edit both issue name and description from TaskBoard #63" from marltu/taskboard-description
* Merge pull request "Taskboard private view" from alminium/taskboard-private-view
* Install without user prompt

== 2012-03-10 v0.8.7

* Show error when migrations have not been run
* Merge pull request "Update remaining hours from time log" from bohansen/update_remaining_hours_from_time_log
* Added ability to adjust remaining hours when logging time using standard 'Log time'-view in Redmine
* Taskboard filter from YusukeKokubo (19a4d6307ed978f1469e88f0dc1543e86c37fa93), fixes "taskboard with by user view."
* Merge pull request "Fixes javascript error when showing burndown chart" from frisco82/master
* Merge pull request "Update config/locales/fr.yml" from yquenechdu/patch-1
* Update config/locales/fr.yml

== 2012-03-04 v0.8.6

* Improve debugging (dump pages)

== 2012-03-04 v0.8.5

* Fix for timelog from taskboard

== 2012-02-28 v0.8.4

* Update gem dependencies
* Improve i18n and add Japanese localization

== 2012-02-01 v0.8.3

* Only include system_timer gem on unix-1.8.7
* Fix many jslint problems

== 2012-02-01 v0.8.2

* Only require system_timer for unix-1.8.x
* fix many jslint problems

== 2012-01-30 v0.8.1

* ChiliProject fixes
* Report Hours per point in statistics page. Be careful how you use this.

== 2012-01-21 v0.8.0

* Fixes for redmine group-assign
* ChiliProject support

== 2012-01-20 v0.7.9

* Auto-set start date for tasks
* Prelimenary ChiliProject support

== 2012-01-19 v0.7.8

* ie8/9 fixes
* Fixed error for non-logged in users
* Remove 'Not configured' message as soon as problem is corrected

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.7

* Opera fixes

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.6

* Fixed crash

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.5

* Fixed crash

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.4

* More graceful checking against bad installs

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.3

* Better error reporting for incomplete installs
* Gem requirements updates
* Support for offline installations
* Card printing fixes

== 2012-01-06 v0.7.2

* Always show ideal in burndown
* Fixes crash for stories with points
* Merge pull request "Allowed burndown chart to include saturday and sunday" from pinglamb/burndown_include_sat_and_sun
* Few changes to spanish translation from mauriciorivera
* Auto assign task to current user when he/she changes the task status and the task is not assigned yet, configurable in setting page
* Fixes for fractional story points

== 2011-12-16 v0.7.1

* Tests run again
* Starting support for Redmine 1.3.0
* Conflict with redmine hipchat plugin fixed
* Trackers sorted by id when adding new story
* Updated german language file from cgraumann
* Add permission setting to disable remaining hours

== 2011-12-04 v0.7.0

* Fixing tooltips XSS from bohansen

== 2011-12-02 v0.6.23

* More stringent version checks
* Fixes syntax error
* Replaced 028 migration with proper sum ("Stories does not sum remaining hours")
* Fixed crash on migration to latest version
* migration to accompany "Stories does not sum remaining hours"

== 2011-11-28 v0.6.22

* Calendar tests finally run again

== 2011-11-28 v0.6.21

* Remaining hours sum again, calendar feed works again
* Tests run again
* Fixed "Burndown suddenly drops to zero points, hours"
* Backlog sorting fixed
* Hide button and select box on taskboard print-out from siegerv
* Fixed estimated hours not set when creating task from bohansen
* Hide the add new task button and project selection box on the print-out of the taskboard.
* Fixed estimated hours not set when creating task
* Fixed master backlogs performance when there are too many sprints. from walf443
* Change story point color in taskboard. from alminium
* Fixes "Update to v0.6.16 not working"
* Language updates
* Fixes "Error while printing burndown"
* Fix for burndown resizing bug from darklin
* Important performance fix from sauliusgrigaitis
* Added missing index on Issues table postition field
* Fixed sprint points calculation when adding story directly to sprint in backlogs view from bohansen
* Fixes "Crash on migration to latest version"
* Fixes "Scrum statistics tab missing despite permission enabled"

== 2011-11-11 v0.6.20

* Fixes "Scrum Statistics page doesn't load"
* Fixes "Master Backlog positions always take position 1"
* Javascript errors
* Added defaults for burndown print size
* Burndown print size customization from darklin
* Validation of story description moved back to server from bohansen
* Tests pass again

== 2011-11-09 v0.6.19

* Fixes "Crash on migration to latest version"
* Fix for float story points total sum on masterbacklog from bohansen
* Remove all hook rendering for "Error viewing issues after installing backlogs"
* Fix for float story points total sum on masterbacklog.

== 2011-11-06 v0.6.18

* Story points with fractions
* Creating a task caused error, fix from ekohl
* Better cache management
* Added storypoints field to product backlog from bohansen
* Added tracker statistics tooltip on backlog view + fixed recalculation from bohansen

== 2011-11-03 v0.6.17

* Added tracker statistics tooltip on backlog view + fixed recalculation of story points when updating story.
* Fix 500 error caused by the 'My page' block from dakota
* Fix issue with internal error caused by my page block typo
* Caching fixes
* Fixes "Internal Error when try to open an issue where Story Point is setted"
* Taskboard layout improvements from alminium,bohansen

== 2011-10-31 v0.6.16

* Fixes "Migrating to estimated hours => remaining hours"
* Fixed decimal comma problem for remaining hours on taskboard from bohansen
* Brush up master backlogs.

== 2011-10-31 v0.6.15

* All tests pass
* fixed story subject is overflow from alminium
* Improve ie support from alminium
* update jquery 1.6.2 and jquery-ui 1.8.16 to fix IE dnd problem.
* In taskboard, don't open task editor when move task.
* adjust the status in master backlog for IE.
* fixed dnd event handling.
* German translation updated from sureal
* Rebase to remaining_hours branch.
* Fixed overflow story title on masterbacklogs.
* fixed task dialog in taskboardd is transparent.
* Fixed rb_variable_server/how.js.erb that cause http status 500 from floreal
* special characters disappeared when stories are created via backlog page
* fixed burndown chart.
* fixed start end date order.
* update Japanese translation.
* Option to Not Show Burndown Chart on Sidebar
* Points not resolved" regression

== 2011-10-05 v0.6.14

* update Japanese translation.
* All tests pass again
* Burndown fixes
* Auto-tagger

== 2011-09-29 v0.6.13
* Fixes "auto-refresh rate is too fast" (but my heart goes out to you if your production server can't handle 1 request per second)
* Fixes "Private issues is always shown in backlog lists"
* Fixes "Template Error on Master Backlog"
* Migration for "Display Error for Tasks and Their Sub-Tasks"
* Force tasks to the task tracker (related to "Display Error for Tasks and Their Sub-Tasks")
* update Japanese translations.
== 2011-09-18 v0.6.11

* various bugfixes

== 2011-08-31 v0.6.10

* Allow resetting a sprint
  This can be useful for when planning is done offline, and you enter stories/tasks after
  the sprint start date. Use with care.

== 2011-08-30 v0.6.9

* Burndown in sidebar conforms to currently selected sprint/story
* Time entry from task board (thank you bohansen!)
* And of course, several bugs fixed

== 2011-08-25 v0.6.8

* Warning on the taskboard if no workflow is available
* Burndown seems to *finally* be fixed now, major thanks to bohansen for providing the test cases
* better error reporting for ajax dialogs
* various bug fixes
* stories now always get a position
* journals now reflect all changes (except positions changes, by design)

== 2011-08-02 v0.6.6

* Javascript consolidated (this should fix the burndown. I know I've said so before)

== 2011-08-01 v0.6.5

* jQuery conflicts resolved
* Migration fixed

== 2011-08-01 v0.6.4

* Burndown finally fixed
* Facility to change the initial estimate
* New 021 migration

== 2011-07-23 v0.6.3

* Burndown fixed
* IME enter-to-submit and escape-to-cancel fixed
* Copy open tasks fixed
* Download sprint data to excel

== 2011-07-17 v0.6.2

Statistics page fixed after burndown reimplementation

== 2011-07-16 v0.6.1

Reworked the burndown generation. It had become a tangled, hard-to-fix mess.
No longer requires the rake task to keep the burndown up-to-date.

Tasks and stories can now be properly rejected (see website for docs)

This version adds a migration -- make sure you run it!
== 2012-11-30 v0.9.28

* fixed build

== 2012-11-28 v0.9.27

* fixes "Can't create new stories, issues", "Migration issue"
* Fixes "failed to initialize story positions based on existing priorities in Redmine"
* Fixes "close completed Sprints button on master backlogs."
* Russian translations.
* Hide projects from scrum statistics if they are not visible for current user + added project setting to show/hide a project from scrum statistics.
* Show remaining time on Story level
* Added spent hours vs accepted points to scrum stats
* 2.1.2 passes tests
* Use a higher drag distance threshold for tasks on the taskboard to prevent starting a drag when you intended to click.
* Added "Save" and "Cancel" links when creating or editing a story inline.
* german translations
* reorganize settings page, group related settings
* make sorting of sprints in mbp configurable
* Reverse the order of the sprints on the Master Backlog page.
* show nice qtip tooltips for project name and subject on master backlog

== 2012-07-08 v0.9.26

* 2.0 travis build works again
* Javascript overrided new story placement (fixes "New Stories appear at the top of the Product Backlog" again)

== 2012-07-04 v0.9.23

* Add "support" for 1.9.2

== 2012-07-04 v0.9.20

* Specify ruby versions
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:backlogs/redmine_backlogs
* Clearer message for non-supported versions
* Try to make the via route work in ruby 1.8
* Refactor releases routes
* Fixes "Burndown doesn't take updates of "Remaining time"" -- acts_as_journal acting_randomly.
* More DB wonkyness
* empty string means null
* More DB corruption handlers
* More DB corruption handling
* typo
* Old insert_at call
* More database brokenness workarounds
* Configuration oddities

== 2012-06-30 v0.9.19

* Postgresql fixes

== 2012-06-30 v0.9.16

* Fix redmine2 sidebar on apache with relative url root, from patrickatamaniuk/tests/sidebar
* Fix issues sidebar is not displayed when installed to suburi (Rails 3)
* give product owner modify_releases permission
* security enhancements
* more automated tests
* Fixes for releases
* Rails 3 compatibility fixes
* Select a default label if none was selected (fixes "Printable cards option not showing with Bitanmi Redmine 2.0.2")
* Postgresql compatibilities

== 2012-06-13 v0.9.15

* Looser support restrictions
* "Locales are broken for 1.9.3"
* Fixes for CustomizedField 

== 2012-06-12 v0.9.14

* Online version check
* Fixes "Install task: can't modify frozen Hash ".
* Translations updated
* Give stories the same Start/Due date as the sprint
* Allow story cards to take on custom colours if assigned to a user
* fixes "My Pages Exception"

== 2012-06-02 v0.9.13

* Ruby 1.9 supported
* Chiliproject fixes

== 2012-05-31 v0.9.12

* Down migrations added
* Fixes "New Stories appear at the top of the Product Backlog"

== 2012-05-31 v0.9.11

* Fixing issue "The users select is empty in the "Edit task" form (Redmine 2 only)"
* Skip authorize for rb_server_variables#index. Fixes "403 on rb_server_variables#index"
* Potential solution for "closing task generates 'Version has already been taken' error"
* RM 1.4.2

== 2012-05-28 v0.9.10

* Small fix to migrations

== 2012-05-28 v0.9.9

* RM2.0 compatibility updates
* General cleanup
* acts_as_list replaced by a more performant replacement
* Removed obsolete migration
* Tests: Add SimpleCov report generation
* Tests: Add initial feature test for settings
* Tests: Improve test failure diagnostics
* Tests: Print meaningful error message if cucumber test fails
* Cucumber: Rails 3 compatibility

== 2012-05-20 v0.9.8

* Make sure older migrations don't use the new journals stuff
* "Show warning on taskboard if tracker workflow is misconfigured" warn user if tasks workflow has no states
* Fixes "Slowness and unresponsiveness when moving issues"
* set all ticks so checkbox shows the correct state on load. helps with ""Show empty stories" should be selected by default (bug?)"
* Update Gemfile for running cucumber tests with Rails 3
* Better CP support, not complete yet
* Use https instead of git to install cucumber-rails.
* Fixes "Subtasks not updated when changing custom fields"
* Use poltergeist driver for javascript testing.

== 2012-05-13 v0.9.7

* Removes journal rebuild from the migration
* In-place fixes for test fixtures
* Merge pull request "Travis on master" from Vanuan/travis_on_master

== 2012-05-11 v0.9.6

* Fixes "sub stories disappearing from task board", "Subtasks not updated when changing custom fields", "Dragging a closed story within a sprint causes it to be set to New"
* Removed unnecessary '.becomes(Issue)'. Apparenty this messed up the status field of the issue. Fixes "Status reset on changing remaining hours when adding time entry" and possibly affects "Dragging a closed story within a sprint causes it to be set to New".
* Merge pull request "Fix PBL Story update feedback off-by-one-post" from patrickatamaniuk/issue/493-blpage-sprint-ui-update-off-by-one
* Fix PBL Story update feedback off-by-one-post
* Prepping for 1.9
* shell-based rbl-setup
* Rollback migration for unique_positions.

== 2012-05-09 v0.9.5

* Duplicates positions after issue copy fixed
* Merge pull request "DB Query optimisation " from rbaranga/master
* fixed database query taking a lot of time when using story points
* Merge pull request "Working gem set for ruby 1.9" from Vanuan/ruby_19_gems (Working gem set for ruby 1.9)
* Closes "Cleanups and small fixes" -- will consider more of it's option after discussion
* Refactor rb_journal code
* Allow pre-calculation of scrum stats
* Fixes "Error creating new tasks"

== 2012-05-03 v0.9.4

* Burndown charts work again
* Uninstalling plugin's database contents possible
* Hardened against DB corruption
* Merging unified-journals

== 2012-04-30 v0.9.3

* Updates for RM 1.4
* Faster "Backlog sorting"
* fix positioning on story creation from backlog page
* Fixes "ChiliProject migration issue"

== 2012-04-26 v0.9.2

* Soft-fail on RM 1.3 (still unsupported though)
* Redmine 1.4.1 & Ruby 1.9.3 support
* Card loading order fixed

== 2012-04-25 v0.9.1

* Prelim support for CP3.1.0

== 2012-04-25 v0.9.0

* RM 1.4.1 support
* Corrected previous taskboard color fix for groups.
* Fixed image location for css.
* Merge pull request "Change to "Show empty stories" behavior on taskboard" from backlogs/bohansen_taskboard_empty_stories
* Moved jquery css to its own subdir
* Added category field to tooltips (see "Option to Show Category on Master Backlogs and Taskboard")
* Changed taskboard user selection option 'Show empty stories' to show *really* empty stories only and not stories where all tasks are hidden.
* Add redmine group support to user selection on taskboard.
* Provides a workaround for "Sprint Taskboard - Internal Error", caused by a functional bug in Redmine.
* Fixes "Cannot export story points via REST API"
* Fixes "Redmine backlogs install doesn't create a new tracker"
* Fixes "Create new issue displays trackers not in use for the project"
* Fixes "Custom fields delete with sprint", with great thanks to Malti for the excellent analysis
* Merge pull request "Fix group assign on taskboard (#479)" from backlogs/bohansen_group_assign_on_taskboard
* Taskboard color fix for group assigned tasks
* Added ability to group assign on taskboard if enabled in Redmine itself
* Merge pull request "Redmine 1.4.0 compatibility" from Vanuan/master
* Card layout loading fix
* Merge pull request "Show burndown charts with User timezone dates" from dpogue/patch-1
* Merge pull request "Added in ability to hide unused stories" from svolpe/master
* Merge pull request "Improve localization." from mikoto20000/locale-ja
* Merge pull request "TaskBoard with by user view using jquery multiselect" from svolpe/master
* Renaming some tests to prepare for sharing branch tests
* taskboard: finally fixed the css issue and user multiselect pull down
* taskboard: fix style sheet to allow selecting of projects.  The user multiselection location is still too low.
* taskboard: Add changes to support multiselect of users
* taskboard: Added multiselect jquery widget to allow selecting of viewed tasks by user name.
* Merge pull request "fixed Japanese translation mistake." from alminium/locale-ja
* Merge pull request "Edit both issue name and description from TaskBoard #63" from marltu/taskboard-description
* Merge pull request "Taskboard private view" from alminium/taskboard-private-view
* Install without user prompt

== 2012-03-10 v0.8.7

* Show error when migrations have not been run
* Merge pull request "Update remaining hours from time log" from bohansen/update_remaining_hours_from_time_log
* Added ability to adjust remaining hours when logging time using standard 'Log time'-view in Redmine
* Taskboard filter from YusukeKokubo (19a4d6307ed978f1469e88f0dc1543e86c37fa93), fixes "taskboard with by user view."
* Merge pull request "Fixes javascript error when showing burndown chart" from frisco82/master
* Merge pull request "Update config/locales/fr.yml" from yquenechdu/patch-1
* Update config/locales/fr.yml

== 2012-03-04 v0.8.6

* Improve debugging (dump pages)

== 2012-03-04 v0.8.5

* Fix for timelog from taskboard

== 2012-02-28 v0.8.4

* Update gem dependencies
* Improve i18n and add Japanese localization

== 2012-02-01 v0.8.3

* Only include system_timer gem on unix-1.8.7
* Fix many jslint problems

== 2012-02-01 v0.8.2

* Only require system_timer for unix-1.8.x
* fix many jslint problems

== 2012-01-30 v0.8.1

* ChiliProject fixes
* Report Hours per point in statistics page. Be careful how you use this.

== 2012-01-21 v0.8.0

* Fixes for redmine group-assign
* ChiliProject support

== 2012-01-20 v0.7.9

* Auto-set start date for tasks
* Prelimenary ChiliProject support

== 2012-01-19 v0.7.8

* ie8/9 fixes
* Fixed error for non-logged in users
* Remove 'Not configured' message as soon as problem is corrected

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.7

* Opera fixes

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.6

* Fixed crash

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.5

* Fixed crash

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.4

* More graceful checking against bad installs

== 2012-01-16 v0.7.3

* Better error reporting for incomplete installs
* Gem requirements updates
* Support for offline installations
* Card printing fixes

== 2012-01-06 v0.7.2

* Always show ideal in burndown
* Fixes crash for stories with points
* Merge pull request "Allowed burndown chart to include saturday and sunday" from pinglamb/burndown_include_sat_and_sun
* Few changes to spanish translation from mauriciorivera
* Auto assign task to current user when he/she changes the task status and the task is not assigned yet, configurable in setting page
* Fixes for fractional story points

== 2011-12-16 v0.7.1

* Tests run again
* Starting support for Redmine 1.3.0
* Conflict with redmine hipchat plugin fixed
* Trackers sorted by id when adding new story
* Updated german language file from cgraumann
* Add permission setting to disable remaining hours

== 2011-12-04 v0.7.0

* Fixing tooltips XSS from bohansen

== 2011-12-02 v0.6.23

* More stringent version checks
* Fixes syntax error
* Replaced 028 migration with proper sum ("Stories does not sum remaining hours")
* Fixed crash on migration to latest version
* migration to accompany "Stories does not sum remaining hours"

== 2011-11-28 v0.6.22

* Calendar tests finally run again

== 2011-11-28 v0.6.21

* Remaining hours sum again, calendar feed works again
* Tests run again
* Fixed "Burndown suddenly drops to zero points, hours"
* Backlog sorting fixed
* Hide button and select box on taskboard print-out from siegerv
* Fixed estimated hours not set when creating task from bohansen
* Hide the add new task button and project selection box on the print-out of the taskboard.
* Fixed estimated hours not set when creating task
* Fixed master backlogs performance when there are too many sprints. from walf443
* Change story point color in taskboard. from alminium
* Fixes "Update to v0.6.16 not working"
* Language updates
* Fixes "Error while printing burndown"
* Fix for burndown resizing bug from darklin
* Important performance fix from sauliusgrigaitis
* Added missing index on Issues table postition field
* Fixed sprint points calculation when adding story directly to sprint in backlogs view from bohansen
* Fixes "Crash on migration to latest version"
* Fixes "Scrum statistics tab missing despite permission enabled"

== 2011-11-11 v0.6.20

* Fixes "Scrum Statistics page doesn't load"
* Fixes "Master Backlog positions always take position 1"
* Javascript errors
* Added defaults for burndown print size
* Burndown print size customization from darklin
* Validation of story description moved back to server from bohansen
* Tests pass again

== 2011-11-09 v0.6.19

* Fixes "Crash on migration to latest version"
* Fix for float story points total sum on masterbacklog from bohansen
* Remove all hook rendering for "Error viewing issues after installing backlogs"
* Fix for float story points total sum on masterbacklog.

== 2011-11-06 v0.6.18

* Story points with fractions
* Creating a task caused error, fix from ekohl
* Better cache management
* Added storypoints field to product backlog from bohansen
* Added tracker statistics tooltip on backlog view + fixed recalculation from bohansen

== 2011-11-03 v0.6.17

* Added tracker statistics tooltip on backlog view + fixed recalculation of story points when updating story.
* Fix 500 error caused by the 'My page' block from dakota
* Fix issue with internal error caused by my page block typo
* Caching fixes
* Fixes "Internal Error when try to open an issue where Story Point is setted"
* Taskboard layout improvements from alminium,bohansen

== 2011-10-31 v0.6.16

* Fixes "Migrating to estimated hours => remaining hours"
* Fixed decimal comma problem for remaining hours on taskboard from bohansen
* Brush up master backlogs.

== 2011-10-31 v0.6.15

* All tests pass
* fixed story subject is overflow from alminium
* Improve ie support from alminium
* update jquery 1.6.2 and jquery-ui 1.8.16 to fix IE dnd problem.
* In taskboard, don't open task editor when move task.
* adjust the status in master backlog for IE.
* fixed dnd event handling.
* German translation updated from sureal
* Rebase to remaining_hours branch.
* Fixed overflow story title on masterbacklogs.
* fixed task dialog in taskboardd is transparent.
* Fixed rb_variable_server/how.js.erb that cause http status 500 from floreal
* special characters disappeared when stories are created via backlog page
* fixed burndown chart.
* fixed start end date order.
* update Japanese translation.
* Option to Not Show Burndown Chart on Sidebar
* Points not resolved" regression

== 2011-10-05 v0.6.14

* update Japanese translation.
* All tests pass again
* Burndown fixes
* Auto-tagger

== 2011-09-29 v0.6.13
* Fixes "auto-refresh rate is too fast" (but my heart goes out to you if your production server can't handle 1 request per second)
* Fixes "Private issues is always shown in backlog lists"
* Fixes "Template Error on Master Backlog"
* Migration for "Display Error for Tasks and Their Sub-Tasks"
* Force tasks to the task tracker (related to "Display Error for Tasks and Their Sub-Tasks")
* update Japanese translations.
== 2011-09-18 v0.6.11

* various bugfixes

== 2011-08-31 v0.6.10

* Allow resetting a sprint
  This can be useful for when planning is done offline, and you enter stories/tasks after
  the sprint start date. Use with care.

== 2011-08-30 v0.6.9

* Burndown in sidebar conforms to currently selected sprint/story
* Time entry from task board (thank you bohansen!)
* And of course, several bugs fixed

== 2011-08-25 v0.6.8

* Warning on the taskboard if no workflow is available
* Burndown seems to *finally* be fixed now, major thanks to bohansen for providing the test cases
* better error reporting for ajax dialogs
* various bug fixes
* stories now always get a position
* journals now reflect all changes (except positions changes, by design)

== 2011-08-02 v0.6.6

* Javascript consolidated (this should fix the burndown. I know I've said so before)

== 2011-08-01 v0.6.5

* jQuery conflicts resolved
* Migration fixed

== 2011-08-01 v0.6.4

* Burndown finally fixed
* Facility to change the initial estimate
* New 021 migration

== 2011-07-23 v0.6.3

* Burndown fixed
* IME enter-to-submit and escape-to-cancel fixed
* Copy open tasks fixed
* Download sprint data to excel

== 2011-07-17 v0.6.2

Statistics page fixed after burndown reimplementation

== 2011-07-16 v0.6.1

Reworked the burndown generation. It had become a tangled, hard-to-fix mess.
No longer requires the rake task to keep the burndown up-to-date.

Tasks and stories can now be properly rejected (see website for docs)

This version adds a migration -- make sure you run it!
